add custom titles and meta tags

add fogginess to social shares
make sponsors - organizing, platinum, gold, silver
display sponsors separately

display date bigger
display schedule of the weekend

add speakers

pull in tweets and instagram pictures
#artupweekend @artupweekend
#artupweekenddc @artupweekenddc

Add a message from the event organizer

complete Access to materials if current_user.organizer?
Explain the 30% of donations going to Artup on application

organizer ->
  projects (with picture/video)
  add "official updates" to events
  enter email of volunteer/mentor
  enter email of organizer
    if exists set as organizer and notify
    if does not exist, notfiry
    when registering, check email against all invites, delete invite and add as orgnizer for event

add delayed job  

Thank you for sponsoring artup weekend email

paginate posts
paginate comments


DONE event has_many team_members - if team_member then show link to materials
DONE add attendees to events
DONE add mentors to events
DONE add sponsors to events
DONE has_many prizes
DONE Make admin to review event_applications
  DONE add prize
  DONE add sponsor

DONE add sidebar to individual posts
DONE edit event for organizers
DONE jquery dateselect for begins_on


FAQ:

1. Agree that art will be made in one weekend. However, can we do a gallery showing later in the week? etc?

The art is really owned by the teams that make it, so you can suggest to them what to do with it.
 
2. Cannot use event to make money - just want clarity. we wont use it as a fundraiser but we want to make sure its ok to make money to buy drinks/food/gallery space and venue space for the event. Can we pad the budget so that we can purchase supplies? Things that are not used can be donated to our partner organizations after the event. 

Absolutely the goal is to cover costs, but not to take a salary or profit. Let’s plan on having 30% got Artup and then any of the extra of 70% you spend go back to Artup for future Artup Weekends.
 
3. Co-branding is not allowed. - We would like to include potential headliner sponsors to Artup, community partners, and more. Maybe even doing something like Gold level partners, Silver level, etc. Is this ok? Startup Weekend?
"No Co-branding" just means don’t put the Artup Weekend logo next to anyone else’s logo. Like “brought to you by Miller lite”.

4. Prompt vs. inspiration - we want to give people enough inspiration and direction so that its easy for them to get to work. We also want to be clear enough so that we mitigate confusion. Will it be ok to maybe do themes, maybe having the community input ideas around the themes. 
Explore inspiring your members with speakers, location, music, and other icebreakers/games/interactions without explicitly declaring an art prompt. If you really think you should do an explicit prompt, then make sure to make it very open thematically and materially. Remember that people can make musicals, theater, photography, anything not just painting, sculpture, etc.
